absence, absense
address, adress
a lot, alot
acquit, aquit
argument, arguement
arctic, artic
beginning, begining
believe, beleive
broccoli, broccolli
calendar, calender
camaraderie, comraderie
ceiling, cieling
cemetery, cemetary
changeable, changable
colleague, collegue
conscientious, consciencious
conscious, concious
daiquiri, daquiri
deceive, decieve
definitely, definately
desperate, desparate
disastrous, disasterous
dumbbell, dumbell
embarrass, embarass
environment, enviroment
existence, existance
experience, experiance
fascinating, facinating
February, Febuary
fiery, firey
fluorescent, flourescent
foreign, foriegn
government, goverment
grateful, gratefull, greatful
guarantee, gurantee, gaurantee, gaurauntee
harass, harrass
height, hieght
hypocrite, hipocrite
humorous, humerous
inoculate, innoculate
independent, independant
jewelery, jewelry
judgment, judgement
kernal kernel,
leisure, liesure
liaison, liason
library, libary
license, lisense
maintenance, maintainance
medieval, medevil or mideval
millennium, millenium
miniature, miniture
minuscule, miniscule
mischievous, mischievious
misspell, mispell
mysterious, misterious
necessary, neccessary
neighbor, nieghbor
noticeable, noticable
occasion, occassion
occurrence, occurence
odyssey, oddyssey
piece, peice
playwright, playwrite
precede, preceed
presence, presance
privilege, privelege
pumpkin, pumkin
raspberry, rasberry
receive, recieve
rhythm, rtyhm
sacrilegious, sacriligious
science, sience
scissors, sissors
separate, seperate
sincerely, sinserely
supersede, supercede
truly, truely
until, untill
Wednesday, Wensday
whether, wether
which, wich
weird, wierd